README.md, before:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

Updated readme.md file. Added new scripts for code formatting and lint.

README.md, after:

# React Sandbox (Authentication app)

Authentication app is written in React/TypeScript.

# Project Configuration

## Folder Structure

The source code is located under **src** folder, meanwhile the tests are under **test**.
In **src** folder you can find a TypeScript file called `index.tsx` which is entry point of app.
The **test** folder contains a `jest` test cases.

## Configuration

Configuration is handled via Environment variables and stored in Git. The directory "config" contains configuration files for all supported environments where this service will be run.

### Configuration parameters

| Paramter          | Description          |
| ----------------- | -------------------- |
| AUTH_API_ENDPOINT | Auth server endpoint |

## How to install and run locally

To install related packages:
`npm install`

To prettify:
`npm run format`

To lint:
`npm run lint`

To run the unittest:
`npm test`

To build (to transpile .ts files into .js files):
`npm run build`

To run the app:
`npm run start`

## Testing data

Username: demo@demo.lv and demo1@demo.lv
Password: anypassword

To test app, please use CORS Plugin in Chrome (https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/allow-cors-access-control/lhobafahddgcelffkeicbaginigeejlf).
